[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film the cleansing hour
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
father max is conducting an exorcism
ritual in a dark room
after performing his standard procedures
he successfully identifies the demon
and exorcises the possessed person the
camera stretches
and it turns out that this is a webcast
exorcism ceremony
following mad max's concluding remarks
it is now time to advertise their
official vatican blessed merchandise
when the show the cleansing hour
finishes producer drew claps his way in
and praises everyone for their fantastic
acting skills obviously
the exorcisms are just elaborately
staged hoaxes performed by paid actors
drew has some brilliant idea about
business expansion
but mad max is not interested mad max is
wondering which actor to hire for the
next episode
the crew go for drinks in a bar after
work as a social media influencer like
daniel cc on youtube
mad max does not forget his fans even
when he enjoys his private life
needless to say his singing performance
is broadcast
for fun to make it more entertaining mad
max even invites his best friend drew to
sing together
a while later two fangirls approach mad
max for his signature
it turns out one of them does not only
get mad max's signature
but also spends a hormone night with her
idol for free
due to it being lightning fast last
night the fangirl wakes up in some
regrettable satisfaction
looking at mad max's sexy muscles
smelling of strong hormones
lust bursts out the horny girl shining
eyes once again
mad max is reluctant to answer her
hormone invitation
but unwilling to piss his loyal fan off
he has to show her his hospitality
when the two are up for a hot session
mad max sees her horny hair suddenly
turns gray
as soon as she looks up she becomes a
blind old lady and mad max jumps out of
bed with huge fright
which dies down his hormone desires
instantly even though she quickly
resumes to normal
he then goes out leaving the horny fan
shocked and confused in the bed
on the other hand drew and his fiancee
lane are chatting about their marriage
at home
blaine points out that mad max is
selfish and he does not care a single
bit about drew's feelings
lane advises drew to leave mad max as
soon as possible
but drew refuses to give up their
business
soon there comes another live stream all
the staffs are busy setting up the scene
the guest a famous email call is making
his way to the studio
unfortunately she male has lost his ways
and begins wandering around
noticing several weird figures are
looming in the dark street
she male feels scared and trots
immediately before he runs further
he is snatched by a demon it is only
seven minutes before the webcast
but mad max and [ __ ] are missing in
action
drew decides to get his supportive
fiance involved and he persuades her to
step in as the possessed guest
fans have long been waiting for the
broadcast to begin
finally with only a few minutes left mad
max arrives at the studio
the sound specialist quickly prepares
audio equipment for mad max
but the sound specialist is unwell he
looks dreamy and pukes before mad max
meanwhile lane has changed clothes and
been fastened to the chair
the broadcast kick starts with an
argument between mad max and lane
mad max has designed a brand new
personality for lane
a poor girl who has gone through a lot
of hardships
feeling sympatric about her sufferings
the audience flood the comment sections
lane is superb in acting she has worn an
uncomfortable facial expression
and kept shaking her head lane looks
really in pain
and continues to plead for father max's
help mad max approaches her with
professional verbal tricks
in the meantime he also promotes his
flagship item the cleansing towel
as shown in the advertisement this towel
is said to be vatican approved
after mad max says a prayer the light
specialist presses the switch
and the lights keep flickering mad max
explains that the demon has disrupted
the electronic magnetic field
while mad max presses to know the
devil's name the props specialist turns
on the dry ice switch
and smoke slowly rises from lane's chair
lane looks exactly like possessed
especially her uproar sounds so real
knowing his fiancee is such a drama
queen
drew becomes shrill however before mad
max
drives out the demon the sound
specialist suddenly collapses on the
floor with much perspiring
when the sound specialist looks at lane
he feels more scared
and flees to the toilet actually the
sound specialist took drugs before
coming to the studio
he wants to wash up his face to stay
alert but as he turns on the tap
blood runs down instead of water in
terror
he falls down and bumps into the pipe
behind him and faints right away
the broadcast continues mad max moves to
the next prop
the holy water when he sprays holy water
onto lane
red smoke rises around her as this
effect is unprecedented
mad max is puzzled he expects some
explanation from the prop specialist and
drew
but both of them have no idea now the
drama queen lane is no longer
cooperative
and she begins to behave differently
drew softly reminds her to let mad max
take the lead
but lane starts talking nonsense she
even utters a word that everyone cannot
understand
suddenly lane lifts up her head and
knocks down mad max
in rage mad max takes out the cross and
demands the devil to identify himself
lane seems to be a different person now
as she summons the props man
he walks to her unexpectedly the props
specialist
flame tattoo on his arm ignites a raging
fire
everyone tries to put off the fire one
covers him with blankets
and another one sprays fire
extinguishers on him
however instead of extinguishing them
the flames become more vigorous
shortly after the prop specialist turns
into a big chunk of charcoal
shocked by those accidents drew tries to
call the police
unfortunately there is no signal at all
lane's voice also changes
mad max asks for help on the camera but
is interrupted by a chandelier that
falls without warning
lane warns mad max to save her soul
tonight at the same time she warns drew
not to stop the live broadcast
otherwise she would immediately kill
herself
and after a round of convulsion lane
regains her sanity
and cries out for help drew quickly runs
over to lane
but he is stopped by a flying table
before everyone can tell
the demon rules over lane again demon
warns drew not to come near
frightened mad max picks up scripture
and begins to read
drew reminds him to first get the name
of the demon
now the devil turns to the camera and
asks the audience what mad max should do
to save lane
drew advises mad max to keep the devil
busy with talking
so as to buy him more time to do
research about the devil
although the threat is real and the
atmosphere is so tensed up
the audience around the world is not
aware they simply enjoy the show
thinking it is all scripted and
orchestrated as such
they come up with unspeakable plans for
mad max to carry out
in the end drew chooses the most
harmless solution
that is to have mad max go naked mad max
has little choice
but to strip off his clothes but the
devil's desire is insatiated
rooftop scaffolding lights and fans
suddenly fall around mad max
forming a stage for him as if it is not
creepy enough
the devil turns on music and forces mad
max to dance
so the poor mad max dances on the broken
glass of the lampshades
and gets a slap by the rotating fan in
such severe torture
childhood memories flash across his mind
mad max and drew are childhood friends
who attended the same catholic school
mad max was frail and often tormented by
the nun
during such a painful time mad max and
drew forged their friendship
following some adjustment mad max begins
another round of confrontation
now lane and the devil are fighting for
control over her body
from lane's words the rest infers that
the devil comes with a certain plan
the devil seizes every opportunity to
torture lane
all of a sudden lane seems to be choking
on something and is about to die
mad max steps forward to help her and
pulls out a cleansing towel from her
mouth
lane spits out black blood and appears
to be in pain
in despair mad max reveals to his
audience the real story behind the towel
actually this item is just ordinary
cheap good without any exorcism effect
moreover the holy water is just the tap
water
mad max confesses that he is tempted by
money and begs for forgiveness
as soon as he says that lane stops
vomiting blood
but shortly after that she is choked
again mad max goes to her
and tries to dig up what is inside her
mouth just when mad max puts his finger
into lane's mouth
the devil controls her to bite off his
finger and spits out a coin
seeing that drew knows it is now his
turn to make the confession
he says that he steals most of the
show's revenue mad max is in too great a
pain to care about such a matter
so he chooses to forgive the [ __ ] he
drew during the chaos
the assistant decides to flee the studio
but to no avail
before she can go further a statue
controlled by the devil hits her to
death
drew simply bandaged mad max's fingers a
while later there are some errors with
the live stream signal
drew rushes to the warehouse to do a
check finally before things turn worse
drew manages to plug in the fallen plug
at the same time
he discovers the sound specialist and
tries to get some clue about the devil's
name from him
meanwhile the devil again leads mad max
back to his painful childhood memories
he recalls that when his teacher bullied
him drew told him to recite the
scripture
but the nun discovered all this she
banged drew's head against the table
back to the studio the sound specialist
describes the devil's appearance
it looks like a bird with tusks as furry
as a dog and has a large snake-like tail
drew rushes back to his computer at once
and keys in such valuable information
the system shortlists seven demons whose
profiles are a close match
the sound specialist also returns to the
studio and commits suicide
mad max then questions the devil what
he's supposed to do
out of nowhere some wires and a chair
assemble in front of mad max
implying that he must commit suicide to
end all this
the devil adds one decisive factor that
is audiences support must reach a
hundred percent
at that moment mad max thinks of his
traumatic childhood experience again
when he saw the sadistic nun torturing
drew he pushed the nun away
and the nun fell on a sharpened pencil
and died
under sufferings mad max reveals to the
audience that he is not a priest
and the live exorcisms are fake and
scripted even though he attended
theological school when he was young
he is unfamiliar with church matters
when mad max finishes confessing his
sins the wires tighten around his neck
on the other hand lane bangs her head
against the chair
and spits blood when lane drops to the
floor
she tells drew he is fooled drew
suddenly realizes what the devil truly
desires
is a public platform if both of them die
the broadcast will end and the devil has
no way to achieve his agenda
so drew cuts off a connection and saves
the two of them
but the devil demands drew to resume the
broadcast immediately mad max begins a
nonsense talk with the devil
drew draws key information from their
conversation and confirms the devil is
amon
before he can do anything however drew
is pulled over to be with mad max and
lane
the devil exposes to him that mad max
and lane had slept together
before lane dated him enraged by their
hormone cheat
drew beats mad max up as badly as
putting his hand around mad max's neck
in fact drew has no intention to kill
mad max and they just pretend to fight
in order to trick the devil's eyes
mad max secretly switches on drew's vr
spectacle
despite many hurdles they managed to
read out the verse and deliver peace to
lane
lane is finally brought back to normal
when the trio think the mess is over
the dead props specialist suddenly
stands up and proclaims that he is not
oman
drew rebukes him by saying their
database is comprehensive
but the devil claims he owns the
database later the devil reveals his
horrid true nature
and stares at the camera and once
all the 17 million audiences across the
globe are converted into the devil's
followers
and begin killing innocent lives around
them having done that
the devil leaves the studio without
bothering the trio
however this is only the beginning of
humans misery
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out